README.md, before:

# TinyApp Project

TinyApp is a full stack web application built with Node and Express that allows users to shorten long URLs (à la bit.ly).

## Final Product

!["Main Url Page"](https://github.com/DERPDERP91357/tinyapp/blob/main/docs/tiny%20app%20main%20page.jpg?raw=true)
- Users can delete and edit links tied to their account using the associated buttons!

!["Individual Pages for Each Shortened Link"](https://github.com/DERPDERP91357/tinyapp/blob/main/docs/tinyapp%20individual.jpg?raw=true)
- Shortened link pages feature link that may be shared with others!
-New links may be created by created the "Create New URL"

!["Registration Page"](https://github.com/DERPDERP91357/tinyapp/blob/main/docs/tiny%20app%20register.jpg?raw=true)

!["Login Page"](https://github.com/DERPDERP91357/tinyapp/blob/main/docs/tinyapp%20login.jpg?raw=true)
- Login and Registration is simple and secure! 

## Dependencies

- Node.js
- Express
- EJS
- bcryptjs
- cookie-session
- uuid

## Getting Started

- Install all dependencies (using the `npm install` command).
- Run the development web server using the `node express_server.js` command.

Commit message:

implemented table to each link use; shows user type, partial id and time of use

README.md, after:

# TinyApp Project

TinyApp is a full stack web application built with Node and Express that allows users to shorten long URLs (à la bit.ly).

## Final Product

!["Main Url Page"](https://github.com/DERPDERP91357/tinyapp/blob/main/docs/tiny%20app%20main%20page.jpg?raw=true)
- Users can delete and edit links tied to their account using the associated buttons!

!["Individual Pages for Each Shortened Link"](https://github.com/DERPDERP91357/tinyapp/blob/main/docs/tinyapp%20individual.jpg?raw=true)
- Shortened link pages feature link that may be shared with others!
- New links may be created by created the "Create New URL"
- Site tracks link usage:
  - total number of visits
  - unique visitors
  - logs type, partial id and time of every visit


!["Registration Page"](https://github.com/DERPDERP91357/tinyapp/blob/main/docs/tiny%20app%20register.jpg?raw=true)

!["Login Page"](https://github.com/DERPDERP91357/tinyapp/blob/main/docs/tinyapp%20login.jpg?raw=true)
- Login and Registration is simple and secure! 

## Dependencies

- Node.js
- Express
- EJS
- bcryptjs
- cookie-session
- uuid

## Getting Started

- Install all dependencies (using the `npm install` command).
- Run the development web server using the `node express_server.js` command.
